this is the frontend of the application of peer to peer delivery. It works as skyscanner or any flight recommender but actually it does this for delivery. For example, a traveller create a trip and a user can use the app to search for available routes and the app suggests the different options he got. For example, a traveller create an account, then he post a trip and wait to get things to deliver. For example, my name is Firas and I live in canada Montreal I post a trip to go to Paris and informations concerning the packages to deliver and the different options available. Ahmed lives in paris and posts a trip to go to Tunisia (1 day after Firas) and he set all the informations related to the packages he need to deliver. Ali lives in montreal wants to send a document for his mom in Tunisia for a date. So, the app will suggest the routes. Montreal - Paris - Tunis based on the routes (if there some other routes that's also fine). The app does not cover any personal information related to the traveller. Only some statistics related to his previous trips. the user select one possible route from all the routes suggested and write all the informations related to the package to deliver and all set. Firas will send the package to Ahmed (either Ahmed or any local delivery in paris - we need to add the routes based on locals for example from paris airport or firas's home to ahmed's home using traveller or shippment delivery service in paris) after that ahmed will be in Tunisia and hand it for example to a shippment service in Tunisia and deliver it finally to Ali's mom. All of these will be delivered using QR Codes - when someone gives something to someone he need to scan QR code so to keep track and update the sender in the first place. We built some of the front end of the app. Now we want you to design the database of this app in a file call it database.md and keep all the detailed tables of this app. DO NOT FORGET ANY TABLE ANY COLUMN AND MAKE IT AS DETAILED AS POSSIBLE. The app is monolithic so no need to create services separated. Everything will happen here. Give me all the tables everything and do not miss any. each table add a description what will do and why it is there
